# Description

Developers are working on a new mapping library to help road planning. They are working on a new approach to minimize distances between places. Currently, there are two networks of places networkA and networkB in the form of two trees. The number of nodes in each network are networkA_nodes and networkB_nodes respectively. There is an undirected edge from networkA_from[i] to networkA_to[i] (1 ≤ i < networkA_nodes)in networkA. Similarly, there is an undirected edge from networkB_from[i] to networkB_to[i] (1 ≤ i < networkB_nodes)in networkB.

Their goal is to add one edge that connects a node in each network to minimize the maximum distance between any two nodes. Determine that distance.

Given that one new road (or undirected edge) connecting one of the places in networkA and another in networkB is to be added in such a way such that maximum distance between any two different places in the final network in minimised, find the minimum possible required distance.

Note: The distance between two nodes is defined as the number of edges in the simple path from one node to another. A simple path is a sequence of nodes connected by edges, and no node is used more than once in the sequence.

# Example

```
networkA_nodes= 3

networkA_from =[1, 1]

networkA_to= [2, 3]

networkB_nodes= 3

networkB_from =[1, 2]

networkB_to= [2, 3]
```

Networks A and B connected between nodes A1 and B2

This image illustrates the two networks joined from nodes A1 and B2. The table shows the maximum distances for all possible connections between networks.

```
Network A	Network B	Maximum Distance	Node A	Node B
1	1	4	3	3
1	2	3	3	3
1	3	4	3	1
2	1	5	3	3
2	2	4	3	3
2	3	5	3	1
3	1	5	2	3
3	2	4	2	3
3	1	5	2	1
```

In the first row, networks A and B are connected through A1 and B1. The maximum distance of 4 is between nodes A3 and B3.

The minimum value in the "Maximum Distance" column is the answer: 3.

# Input 

## Constraints

- 1 ≤ networkA_nodes ≤ 105
- 1 ≤ networkA_from[i], networkA_to[i] ≤ networkA_nodes
- 1 ≤ networkB_nodes ≤ 105
- 1 ≤ networkB_from[i], networkB_to[i] ≤ networkB_nodes

# Output

int: the minimum possible maximum distance between two nodes after adding the edge as described
